---
title: "Teaching"
permalink: /teaching/
author_profile: true
---
I have more than ten years of teaching experience in Higher Education, including the leadership of several units and teaching teams at postgraduate and undergraduate level across several subjects in management and information systems. I have distinguished myself for innovative teaching and assessment practices incorporating blended learning, user engagement, and experiential learning through simulation games, which earned me a Teaching Excellence Commendation at Royal Holloway (University of London) in 2017. I have successfully led the design of the MSc in Business Analytics at the University of Bristol with the involvement of industry partners. I have integrated assessed student projects with industry partners to enhance students’ experiential learning and employability. My 3rd year undergraduate Digital Innovation Management Unit at Royal Holloway promoted authentic learning to benefit students’ employability through the use of a cloud computing platform and the crowdsourcing of customers’ ideas for a digital innovation challenge. My 3rd year undergraduate unit in Data Analytics and AI for Business at the University of Bristol provides students with technical and critical thinking skills in data analytics and AI, which are in high demand in the job market, and empowers students to become active and responsible participants in the digital economy. My research has informed the design of my postgraduate Digital Innovation in Healthcare unit at the University of Bristol. The video assessment in this unit inspires healthcare practitioners and managers to think creatively and learn digital skills. I was external examiner at Henley Business School (University of Reading) between 2017 and 2021.
